one/digitalinovetion/set/ExemploTreeSet.java
 one.digitalinovetion.set.ExemploTreeSet
one/digitalinovetion/optionals/Exercicio.java
 one.digitalinovetion.optionals.Exercicio
one/digitalinovetion/list/ExemploList.java
 one.digitalinovetion.list.ExemploList
one/digitalinovetion/set/ExemploHashSet.java
 one.digitalinovetion.set.ExemploHashSet
one/digitalinovetion/set/Exercicio03.java
 one.digitalinovetion.set.Exercicio03
one/digitalinovetion/comparators/Estudante.java
 one.digitalinovetion.comparators.Estudante
one/digitalinovetion/set/Exercicio04.java
 one.digitalinovetion.set.Exercicio04
one/digitalinovetion/optionals/ExemploOptinalPrimitivo.java
 one.digitalinovetion.optionals.ExemploOptinalPrimitivo
one/digitalinovetion/map/ExemploTreeMap.java
 one.digitalinovetion.map.ExemploTreeMap
one/digitalinovetion/queue/Exercicio02.java
 one.digitalinovetion.queue.Exercicio02
one/digitalinovetion/list/Exercico01.java
 one.digitalinovetion.list.Exercico01
one/digitalinovetion/set/Exercicio05.java
 one.digitalinovetion.set.Exercicio05
one/digitalinovetion/optionals/ExemploOptional.java
 one.digitalinovetion.optionals.ExemploOptional
one/digitalinovetion/comparators/ComparatorsExemploList.java
 one.digitalinovetion.comparators.ComparatorsExemploList
one/digitalinovetion/set/ExemploLinkedHashSet.java
 one.digitalinovetion.set.ExemploLinkedHashSet
one/digitalinovetion/map/ExemploHahMap.java
 one.digitalinovetion.map.ExemploHahMap
one/digitalinovetion/optionals/ExemploOptionalsEstados.java
 one.digitalinovetion.optionals.ExemploOptionalsEstados
one/digitalinovetion/comparators/EstudanteOrdemReversaComparators.java
 one.digitalinovetion.comparators.EstudanteOrdemReversaComparators
one/digitalinovetion/map/ExemploHashTable.java
 one.digitalinovetion.map.ExemploHashTable
one/digitalinovetion/list/ExemploVector.java
 one.digitalinovetion.list.ExemploVector
one/digitalinovetion/stream/ExemploStremaAPI.java
 one.digitalinovetion.stream.ExemploStremaAPI
one/digitalinovetion/queue/ExemploLinkedList.java
 one.digitalinovetion.queue.ExemploLinkedList
